(Episode 24)
Mr. Park is in, right?
Chef On is here too.
Were you supposed to meet together?
What?
- Did he leave? - Yes.
Why was he here?
He scared me to death.
Hello. Is Mr. Park in his office?
Could you please wait a minute?
Why?
I'm on time for my appointment.
I'm a close friend of Mr. Park,
and I came without an appointment.
I just need to give him these.
Please wait just a second.
Your feelings are showing on your face.
You're like me.
Still, I'm older than you.
I told you I was Mr. Park's friend.
Even so, I don't think it's right...
to waste someone else's time like this.
That's why I asked for your understanding.
How do you know Mr. Park?
She's a contract writer.
Are you a writer?
Yes, I am.
My son's girlfriend is a writer too.
She wrote a mini-series.
See you later.
Who is she?
She's Chef On's mother.
Chef On Jung Sun?
I brought these for you because...
you're nice to Jung Sun and me.
Thank you.
Since I didn't have an appointment,
I'll leave right away.
I know you're busy.
Okay.
Take care.
Saying that you're okay doesn't
always mean you're okay.
A happy ending doesn't mean
that everyone is happy.
Jung Woo and I wanted to work on
this because it was a sad ending.
You're so out of touch with reality.
Do you know how people my age love?
Through dramas.
It's hard to make a living.
Relationships are tiring.
They don't want to have
serious relationships.
A drama with a sad ending...
will discourage them from having a relationship.
Aren't you in a relationship?
That's none of your business.
Then...
go with a happy ending.
Go with it?
Just like that?
Like Kyung said,
a drama should encourage people to love. Right?
Your argument is too emotional.
Can you persuade Mr. Park?
Director and writer want to do it. He has no choice.
By the way,
why do you want to do this?
I like coming here.
You want to direct it because you like coming here?
Gosh, should I work with a guy like him?
I think...
he likes coming here...
because he can talk about "Kind Soup".
- Yes. - Wait.
Isn't it because of Kyung's ramyeon?
- No. - No.
- Jinx! - Jinx!
You guys are acting a bit weird.
- What's weird? - What's weird?
I met with Mr. Yoo.
He'll give a slot to Director Kim Joon Ha.
Please help me work with Director Kim.
Joon Ha is working with Hyun Soo.
Teams go bust all the time.
They're still working together.
I can't snatch him for you.
Then how will you make my drama?
My plan is to have you work with...
Director Min Yi Bok.
Are you trying to ruin my career?
He not only rewrites scripts.
but he changes things...
right on the shoot all the time.
You want me to work with him?
He won't do that this time.
Because he failed last time.
And I know you won't put up with him.
I think you two will make a good team.
A good team?
No plot, fast speed. Those are your strengths.
There's no time for the viewers to complain.
It's like reading a comic book.
I hate that his previous work failed.
He wouldn't have been available if he hadn't failed.
What are you doing?
I miss you.
You look like a boy sitting there like that.
Come and sit here quickly like a girl.
Quickly.
Long time no see.
It feels like it's been a week, but it's only been three days.
How was your day?
Was it hard?
It was hard.
Mine too.
I'm glad we have that in common.
What was so hard about it?
No big troubles. Just little ones.
We decided on how the drama will end.
How will it end?
It'll be a happy ending.
What was hard about your day?
There was an incident.
What incident?
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't have to tell you, right?
Okay.
Now push me.
I can do that.
All right.
- Okay. - That's too high.
Here we go.
- Go. - Oh, my.
Wait. Push lightly.
- Okay. - Gently.
Okay.
- Are you pushing lightly? - Yes.
- But it's swinging so much. - I'm not pushing.
- Really? I think you are. - No.
Hyun Soo.
I can't do it.
Kyung, don't stop. You have to keep moving.
Like this. Do this.
Hyun Soo, I can't.
You have to get in shape before we start working.
We have an interview today.
Okay? You can do it.
If you can do it, I can do it too!
- Okay. - Let's go.
- 1, 2. - Let's go.
- Go. - You aren't walking, right?
- No. - Kyung.
- What? - Run!
- Gosh. - You aren't running properly.
- Gosh. - You can do it.
- Is this the new dish? - Yes. Try it.
I guess the meeting went well.
No. But I should concentrate on my work more...
when there are troubles.
Right. Cooking is what's important.
What did Mr. Park say?
He talked about restructuring.
- Hey. - Stop.
Hello.
- Hi. - What's this?
It's a new dish for our menu.
Try it.
Give me a bite.
Hello.
Try it.
What's this?
- Mackerel. - It's really good.
- Is it? - It's a bass.
All he does is wash dishes. He doesn't know anything.
- It's a bass. - A bass.
Bass?
Mackerel and bass are different?
Where does bass live?
Jung Woo, won't you take a break?
All you seem to do is work.
Do you have lunch plans?
No.
I haven't had a proper meal lately.
(Dear Mr. Park, Happy birthday. Management Firefly.)
Is it your birthday today?
Not today, it's tomorrow.
Okay. I'll celebrate it with you.
With you? No, thanks.
That's upsetting.
What will you do then?
What do you think? I'll just stay home.
Come on, you'd be too lonely.
What's the point of having it all? I feel bad for you.
I don't think you're in a place to pity anyone.
Why did you want to see me?
Because of "Kind Soup".
I had a meeting with Hyun Soo.
We decided to go with a happy ending.
Arrange another meeting.
I have a right to produce what I want to watch.
It's Hong Ah.
Why is she calling me?
She sure is persistent. I like that.
She'll want to meet with you.
I hear you're preparing for a new drama.
It hasn't been decided yet.
Who are you working with?
Don't you know? I'm working with Hyun Soo.
Will you be able to get it aired...
working with Hyun Soo?
It didn't go well last time.
If I want to work with her, I'll work with her.
Your previous drama didn't do well though.
It should be a hit this time.
I gained a lot of fans last time.
My fans call me Joon Ha Jjing.
How about working with me?
This is so delicious.
Thanks for buying lunch. This place is expensive.
Enjoy.
I thought about the consultation.
I've decided. I'll go to your office after work.
Okay.
What brings you here?
I came here for lunch, and I'm having a bad day.
Won Joon is still busy in the kitchen.
You seem to have time since you're the owner chef.
You have a good personality in a way.
I see people when I want to.
And if I don't want to, I don't.
We've been friends for years.
I can't stop seeing you just like that.
I'm sorry, but I have to go downstairs.
I saw your mom.
She isn't like you at all. I was shocked.
Where did you see her?
At Mr. Park's office.
It must be hard for Hyun Soo.
For the first time,
I felt happy that I wasn't your love interest.
Hi, Jung Sun.
Did you see Jung Woo the other day?
How did you know?
Why did you go to his office?
You can meet him at my restaurant if you need to.
I just dropped by to give him flowers...
because he's been...
so nice to you.
You aren't doing anything weird, right?
Anything weird?
Why don't you trust me?
How long are you going to hold the mistake I made over my head?
Don't ever bother Jung Woo.
What did I do?
What does a sous chef do?
A sous chef actually manages the restaurant...
and assists the chef.
Are you skilled enough...
to take over the chef's job when he isn't present?
I still have a long way to go.
Because Jung Sun is amazing. He's almost perfect.
Why are you coming down from there?
I had a talk with Jung Sun.
I thought I'd say hi to a friend since I'm here.
Since you don't seem to like seeing me.
Since when did you respect my opinion?
You're acting cold these days.
So I'm walking on eggshells.
I don't just act blindly.
Are you doing an interview here?
Yes. Who did you have lunch with?
With Director Kim Joon Ha.
I heard you're working with him.
That doesn't mean we'll make the drama together.
The station has to say yes.
Anyway you're working with him now.
If you had told me you were working with him,
I wouldn't have met with him today.
Were you planning on working with him?
You badmouthed him for being a bad director.
You badmouthed him too.
But now he's working with you.
Because it has to air.
Would you like more tea?
No, it's okay.
Thank you for being so accommodating.
I don't like her.
Why is that?
I thought you had to work. Are you finished?
Not yet.
I came to interview Chef On now.
About what?
What are you doing? What do chefs do during downtime?
I was looking at a book. I have to make new menus.
My food will be the only thing that survives.
I think you have a really gentle personality.
When I first met you,
I thought you were a troublemaker because of your tattoo and scars.
I wouldn't fight anyone.
That's one of the reasons why my parents divorced.
I see.
That's why I hate violence.
This too?
- I'm sorry. - It doesn't hurt.
You're so good at acting. You surprised me.
(Won Joon)
I better go downstairs. I have to prepare for dinner time.
Okay. Good luck.
Let's go.
Already?
Hey, Director Kim called...
saying we should meet for another meeting.
It seems like things didn't go well with Mr. Park.
Is he coming tomorrow?
No, he wants to go somewhere else.
What?
("High Society")
You're drinking.
Have a drink.
(Dear Mr. Park, Happy birthday. Management Firefly.)
I'll tell you why I'm here.
I can't lower the unit cost or cut down on my staff.
Instead, I won't get paid.
How is it that you always act...
according to my prediction?
If you know me so well, why did you make such a suggestion?
To shake you up.
I told you.
It won't go as you planned.
I'll go now.
How long can you last...
without getting paid?
Even if I can't last, I will.
Just call me your brother.
I won't suggest such a thing just to anyone.
I don't know when it will be, but if I open a restaurant...
I'll open it with you.
If something goes wrong between us...
Why would you think about that? Things are good right now.
Jung Woo.
I don't think we'll ever fall apart.
This is how it's like when you fight for blind love.
Can you handle this?
It takes 2 to love, not 1.
No matter how much we fight, the outcome isn't about winning.
Why do we have to have this fight?
Are you exhausted already?
This is only the beginning.
You can give up right now if you want to.
Then I'll stop swaying you...
to get Hyun Soo.
(Joon Ha)
Jung Woo, we're here to have a meeting.
It's so beautiful.
Where are we?
Isn't it nice?
- It's really nice. - What a view.
Jung Woo!
What is this?
It's Jung Woo's secret place.
It was his childhood home. He bought it back when he grew up.
They must have been rich.
Why did we come here anyway?
It'd be good to have him join the meeting.
Then why didn't you say so? Why did you bring us like this?
You might not have come if I told you.
So you brought me anyway knowing I wouldn't come.
- Yes. - Director Kim.
You're really clueless.
What?
Jung Woo.
Can't you leave the kitchen on your day off?
Why are you here?
I thought about it, and something is strange.
Is there a problem between you and Mr. Park?
It's none of your business.
It is my business.
He's the only one that's helpful...
out of all of your acquaintances.
Tell me what happened,
and I'll help you.
It's difficult as it is without you getting involved.
- What's so difficult? - I'll take care of it.
Of course you will.
I was never a helpful mother to you, I know.
But I can't watch you suffer.
I can't do anything about being a troublesome mother,
but I don't want others to give you trouble.
It's nothing, so go on and live your life.
How nice is this?
This is how one should live.
It was such a great idea.
I thought you wanted to have a meeting. Was it a lie?
It's not a lie, but it was a lie.
What meeting?
Let's just socialize and settle on a happy ending.
You're really careless.
What?
What's wrong with her?
Kyung hates liars.
Why did you follow me out?
- Don't you know why? - No.
I thought you hated liars. You're the one lying.
What did I lie about?
You know that I like you.
Why do you act like you don't know?
How can I act like I do?
Why can't you?
If I do, then we'd have to date.
Can't we date?
No.
I won't date until I become a writer.
In my opinion, you'll never get to date.
Director Kim!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Kyung.
Wait. Kyung!
Wine isn't doing it for me today.
(On Jung Sun)
What are you doing?
I'm at a meeting.
(I'm at a meeting.)
Should we meet later?
(I don't know when this will be over.)
I don't know when this will be over. I'll call you later.
Hyun Soo, let's go home.
Mr. Park, we won't have a meeting today, right?
Okay.
Not you too. Do you know what day it is?
Forget it.
Drive Ms. Hwangbo home.
I'll go with them.
I'll take you home, Hyun Soo.
I have to talk to you.
What about Hyun Soo?
Hello.
I was texting Jung Sun earlier.
No wonder you agreed to stay behind.
If that's your opening line to reject me, forget it.
I've been rejected enough.
If you keep this up, it's obsession.
Another word for obsession is passion.
If you say passion, it sounds so much more positive.
What do you like about a woman who gave her heart to another man?
I love even that heart of hers.
"Out of sight, out of mind."
It's the case for most people.
However, that wasn't the case for you.
I want that heart to come to me.
I can't change my heart.
You turned away from him because of work before.
But you changed.
I want you to be happy.
A woman whose heart belongs to another...
It's wrong.
From the beginning, there were always three of us.
It's nothing new.
If I give up on you,
that can't be a reason for me.
I'm not sure if it's right to keep working with you.
Get up. I'll drive you home.
Are you just going to go in?
I want to get some air.
Jung Woo.
Jung Sun.
When did you get here?
A while ago.
You must be cold.
Should we go inside?
No, you go ahead first.
I have to talk to Jung Woo.
You must be upset.
Well, I'm not happy.
Okay. I'll wait inside.
Yes, go in.
Mr. Park.
I'll be going in now.
I have to talk to you.
Do you want to talk here?
No.
What is it? Go ahead.
Stop it.
Stop pushing yourself on a woman that doesn't want you.
She hasn't told me she didn't want me yet.
She told me it wasn't love.
As you already know,
love can change.
- Not us. - Yes.
You'll be the one that changes.
What?
When you two first met in front of Good Soup,
do you know why I wasn't threatened by you?
How can it be you?
You're still lost.
You're young too.
What can you do for Hyun Soo?
I can do everything she wants.
You only care about your feelings,
so you don't care about her future.
You have no ambition.
You should get mad when you're mad.
I'm telling you I'll steal your woman.
I lived my life to prove that I'm different from my father.
If you have your hand in a fist,
- you should hit me. What's wrong? - Ironically,
I became free that day.
(Temperature of Love)
You should work with writer Ji Hong Ah.
You got stabbed in the back.
Director Kim Joon Ha will be working with me.
Shouldn't you move out if the restaurant is this slow?
Our friendship is on trial.
Mr. Park seemed to be a good guy.
Tell me the truth. Did you borrow money from Jung Woo?
Are you close with Mr. Park?
Did you break Jung Sun and Mr. Park apart?
The chef will come up with a few recipes.
How dare you touch my food?
You need to make compromises.
I'll give you back your share,
so don't get involved in my business.